in trailer in the forest
that should be Kreismeister home
he is one of the inhabitants of Wagenburg black channel APA which is not on the car
bog life most likes the very special feeling when getting up
the gentlest me
not such a feeling of freedom Jahnke and that time quite a lot of beautiful air and
% 1 percent does not feel UN the Depart big hears with blunt
delivered on the first lap view when bursting were delivered and
could be discussed movie
The site is provided by Berliner Liegenschaftsfonds
Pay the Wagenburgler only the operating costs
There is water from the neighbors storm quite normal from the line
nevertheless comfort goes differently
Feichter but not
in the living room time much bigger and much sooner than as sure as that
can close
the chatter occasionally sour and 5 then you can stop and so thought
retire or build at 8 o'clock
the Wagenburg residents have made their own world
give with first eleven
GAM
behind Vettel
the community is capitalized
that no mental is short of cash
not after the others
meanwhile, this is asking for as much food as buying
other
because it is clear that I then simply just revenge others in things like that
that it was 1 the court decided to poison me
that's how Dammeier falls
in summer there are parties
and a bicycle workshop
The Wagenburg residents want the Berliners with their idea of ​​society
excite
the moment you have seizures
Percent of percent is to live or show as you might
Society could also manage one percent
pleasant environment it is nice to assume it is for many
other other people should also be more comfortable
many of the inhabitants make a pig impression
this is ideal as a contradiction to their self-imposed
because they do not want to be a winner
be dependent on the global economy
that did not work
what you can do yourself
whose son area withdraw federal old life is quite pleasant
but regardless of that, he still has to be part of the press
the black channel is not just an idea of ​​a special kind
but also the attempt to design society itself
but not only to the car but also to the implementation of their planes as the need
Wagenburgler still working